Add docs for new task manager (#48)
21TORR/docs: docs/php/symfony/task-manager/index.mdx

	packagist="https://packagist.org/packages/21torr/task-manager"
/>

The task manager is a bundle that builds in top of [Symfony Messenger] to add additional convenience functionality for running, logging and queuing tasks.

:::note

> As this bundle adds quite a lot of functionality on top of Symfonys messenger system, we use the names "task" instead of "message" and "task handler" instead of "message handler" to make clear, that these are the *extended versions*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As this bundle adds quite a lot of functionality on top of Symfonys messenger system, we use the names "task" instead of "message", and "task handler" instead of "message handler" to make clear, that these are the *extended versions*.
```

```shell
bin/console task-manager:queue
```

You can either interactively select the tasks or directly pass the task IDs to the command:

```shell
bin/console task-manager:queue task-id-1 task-id-2
```

## Task Handlers

As this bundle builds on top of Symfony messages, you define your task handler as message handler:

```php
use Symfony\Component\Messenger\Attribute\AsMessageHandler;
use Torr\TaskManager\Director\TaskDirector;

final readonly class PimImportMessageHandler
{
	public function __construct (
		private TaskDirector $taskDirector,
	) {}

	#[AsMessageHandler]
	public function onPimImport (PimImportMessage $message) : void
	{
		// start the run
		$run = $this->taskDirector->startRun($message);

		// you can get the IO from the run director
		$io = $run->getIo();

		// ... do your thing ...

		// at the end you mark your task as finished and indicate, whether the task was handled successfully
		$run->finish(success: true);
	}
}
```

When your task failed, you have two options: you can either throw an exception, to mark this run as failed (and let the retry functionality kick in) or you can finish handling the task, but mark it as `success: false`.

> You use the task director to start a run for the given task. This will return a run director, that helps you with working through your run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You use the `TaskDirector` to start a run for the given task. This will return a `RunDirector`, that helps you with working through your run:
```

- you can get IO to display information on the console
- the IO output will automatically be logged as well
- you can mark the run as success / failure

:::best-practice
While not explicitly `->finish()`ed tasks will be handled properly, you should always `finish` all your task runs.
:::

## Task Log

> The task and run directors automatically log the output of your tasks, whether they succeeded and some metadata. This includes the task object itself, so it must be serializable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TaskDirector` and `RunDirector` automatically log the output of your tasks, whether they succeeded including some metadata. This includes the task object itself, so it must be serializable.
```

Author: The `including` is wrong, as the metadata is not included in the output / status. Also I don't want to duplicate "Include" in 5 words. Can you change that? The rest can be adopted.
